The form of government in a country.
Actor who is a regular cast member of a TV program
Awards won by an award winner
Position played by a player on a sports team
The position played by each player in a soccer/football team's current roster.
The films an actor has acted in.
Works nominated for an award in a particular category
Nominees for an award
Role of a performance role in a group's regular performances
Winners of an award category at a particular award ceremony
Awards won by an award-winning work
Regional release date of a film in a particular region
Language of a film
Locations contained within a location
Country where an organization has its headquarters
The profession of a person.
Percentage of a location's population that practices a particular religion
Award for which a person or work is nominated
Artists associated with a music genre
Influence nodes that were influenced by a particular entity
Students or graduates of an educational institution
The organization to which a member belongs.
The place of birth of a person.
Film crew role of a crewmember for a film
Award winners at an award ceremony
Country where a film was produced
Athletes who competed in a particular Olympic sport for a particular country at the Olympics
The award(s) won by a particular work.
Genre of a film
Films distributed by a film distributor
Median rent for a statistical region in a particular currency
Estimated budget of a film in a particular currency
Members of a legislative session representing a particular district
Positions of players on a sports team roster in American football historical rosters
Officeholders of a government office category in a particular jurisdiction
The award(s) for which a nominee has been nominated.
The place where a deceased person passed away.
Sports teams for which a professional athlete has played
Role of an artist in a track
Musicians who play a particular instrument
Gender of a person
The company where a person with a particular job title is employed.
Participants in a friendship involving a celebrity
The award winner(s) for a particular award category.
Nationality of a person
Positions of players on a sports team roster in baseball
People who died from a particular cause
The languages in which a TV program is available.
Parent genre of a music genre
Participants in a breakup involving a celebrity
Capital city of a country
Titles in a Netflix genre
Roles of a performance role in guest performances on recordings
Administrative area that adjoins another location
Films related to a particular film subject
The currency in which a person's net worth is measured.
Colors associated with an educational institution
Administrative parent of an administrative area
Organization led by a person in a particular role
The legislative sessions during which a government position was held.
Sports played in the Olympic Games
Locations where a person has lived
Disciplines or subjects of an award category
School that a sports league draft pick attended
Olympic Games in which a country won medals
People who are members of a particular ethnicity
Athletes who competed for a particular Olympic participating country at the Olympics
The medal(s) won by a participating country in the Olympics.
Crewmembers of a film
Roles of a performance role in track performances on a music recording
Artists signed to a record label
Participants in a dated event mentioned in a pop culture magazine
Countries within a continent
School attended by a player selected in a sports league draft
Sport played by a sports team
Educational institutions that have a campus
Religion of a person
The city/town associated with the mailing address of an organization's headquarters.
Production company that produced a film
Spouses of a person in a particular type of union
Production companies that produced a film
The second-level divisions in a country.
Entities involved in a cultural event
Educational degree and the educational institution where people obtained it
The distribution medium(s) for a film's distributor.
TV producer of a TV program
Legislative sessions during which a politician held a government position
Sports teams located in a location
The colors of a sports team.
Drafts to which a professional sports team pick belongs
Awards for which a work was nominated
Team stats for a baseball team in a particular season
Interests of a philosopher
Groups that a performance role has made regular performances with
The languages spoken by a person.
Students or graduates of an educational institution who majored in a particular field of study
Films directed by a film director
The reason or work for which an award was presented at a particular award ceremony.
Athletes who competed in a particular Olympic sport at the Olympics
Costume designer of a film
Featured locations in a film
Genre of a TV program
Endowment of an endowed organization in a particular currency
TV programs produced by a TV producer during a particular producer term
The county associated with a HUD (US Department of Housing and Urban Development) county place.
The major field of study for people who have obtained a particular educational degree.
The contact category for a phone number associated with an organization.
SNL cast members who were on the show during a particular season
Format of a film
Writers of a film
The music featured in a film.
Position played by a player on a football team roster
The taxonomy of a subject.
Friends of a celebrity
Estimated number of mortgages in a HUD foreclosure area
Current World Cup squad members of a particular World Cup squad and their current club affiliations
Vacationers who made a particular vacation choice
Participants in a romantic relationship involving a celebrity
The type of school associated with an educational institution.
Professional athletes who play a particular sport
Inductees of a hall of fame
State where a location mentioned in a book is located
Local tuition cost of attending a university in a particular currency
Revenue of a business operation in a particular currency
Places that are both a HUD county and a place
Sports team roster and the players' positions on the team
Combatants involved in a military conflict
Teams that participate in a sportsleague
Countries where a bibliographic location is located
Role of a member in a music group
The country associated with an administrative division.
Executive producer of a film
The nutrient content of a particular food item.
Members of a music group and the group they belong to
Gross Domestic Product per capita of a statistical region in a particular currency
Students who majored in a particular field of study
Awards won by an award-winning work for which it was honored
Positions of players on a basketball team's roster
The state/province/region associated with the mailing address of an organization's headquarters.
Capital of an administrative area
TV programs produced by a TV producer
The campuses associated with an educational institution.
Region where a film was distributed by a film distributor
Month associated with the climate of a travel destination
Notable people who have a particular medical condition
Phone number of an organization's service location
Geographic distribution of a particular ethnicity
Industry of a business operation
Combatants in a military conflict involving a military combatant group
Persons who made personal appearances in a film
Time zones of a location
Writer of the story on which a film is based
Top dog breeds in a city with a lot of dogs
Countries that participated in the Olympic Games
Duration of programs aired on a TV network
Employment history of a person and the companies they worked for
The place of origin of a music artist.
Location of a marriage ceremony of a particular type
TV programs written by a TV writer
Locations of events
Romantic relationships involving a celebrity
The political party a politician belongs to and their tenure in that party.
Local tuition cost of attending a university in a particular currency
Non-profit organization and the registering agency it is registered with
Distribution medium for a regional release of a film
Positions of players on a football team's current roster
Sports team that a football player is currently playing for
Medals awarded at the Olympics for a particular Olympic Games
Appears in ranked lists of awards/rankings
The film sets designed by a film set designer.
Sports played at a particular Olympic Games
Siblings of a person
The seed of a team in the NCAA basketball tournament.
The performance role(s) of a music artist in a recording contribution.
Positions of players on a sports team roster
Basic title of a government position held by a politician
Positions of players on a sports team roster in American football historical rosters
Specializations of a profession
Category of an award category
Cinematographer of a film
The film production designer(s) for a film.
The country of origin of a TV program.
Editor of a film
TV programs on which a TV personality made regular appearances
The major field of study for students majoring in a particular field.
The student(s) who have obtained a particular educational degree.
The location of a county seat in a particular US county.
Film festivals in which a film was featured
Spouses of a person
Runtime of a film in a particular region
Administrative division that a location serves as the capital of
Peers of an influence node
Members of a governmental body during legislative sessions
The service language for a phone number associated with an organization.
Place where an organization was founded
Diet practiced by a person
The creator of a TV program.
Place where a deceased person is buried
Regional debut venue for a film's regional release
The parent division at a higher level of a lower-level administrative division.
Real GDP of a statistical region in an adjusted currency
Child organizations of an organization
The currency in which a business's assets are measured.
Type of personal appearance made by a person or entity in a film
Instance of a recurring event in time
People who have made non-character roles in TV programs
Special performance type of an actor in a film
Operating income of a business operation in a particular currency
Languages spoken by people of a particular ethnicity
Celebrities impersonated by a celebrity impressionist
Symptoms of a medical condition
Has certain fraternities and sororities as a university
The position played by each player in an ice hockey team's current roster.
Countries where a human language is spoken
Gross Domestic Product of a statistical region in a particular currency
Mode of transportation for getting to a travel destination
Official language of a country
A larger geographical location that partially contains a smaller one.
Location of a marriage ceremony of a person's spouse
The currency in which international tuition fees are measured for a university.
Organizations founded by an organization founder
Actors who performed dubbing in a film
The method of splitting a plant in gardening.
Risk factors associated with a disease
Prequel of a film
Months when a particular produce is available in a region
Places exported to by a statistical region
Language in which a performer dubbed their lines in a film
Artist who created a broadcast content
Art director of a film
Member states of an international organization
Gross National Income per capita of a statistical region in an adjusted currency
Instrument family to which a musical instrument belongs
Jurisdiction of office of a politician in a government position
Film featuring a special film performance type
